./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:147:As described in section 5, the one-time key exists for the purpose of allowing users (who are provided the key by their province) to upload their diagnosis keys to the server, acting as an anti-spam measure to ensure fake diagnosis keys are not accidentally or maliciously uploaded. The diagnosis keys are not associated with the one-time key or uploaded to the server along with the key. Once the key is entered in the app by the user, it is sent directly from the app to the key server, and it’s not retained in the app. The key server then checks to see if that one-time key is valid or not. If it’s valid, the key server erases its record of the one-time key and allows the app to upload the device’s diagnosis keys, with the user’s consent, by exchanging an encryption keypair with the app to ensure the diagnosis keys are encrypted in transit. Thus, as noted, the one-time key is not associated with the uploaded diagnosis keys. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:567:     When a PT requests a one-time key so that it can be provided to the user, the PT system to obtain the key needs to prove to the key server that it is legitimate – i.e. that the PT system is run by a PT healthcare provider. To manage this authentication, the key server uses API tokens. Each API token is a random alphanumeric string of at least 20 characters, generated by CDS. CDS generates an API token for each PT system integrating with the key server to obtain one-time keys. The PT system provides that API token to the key server when requesting a one-time key. The API token cannot be linked to other information to identify an individual as it is meant to authenticate a PT system requesting a one-time key. A portion of the API token is stored alongside both one-time key entries and diagnosis keys during the 15-day period they are kept. In theory, this could be used to erase a set of keys that were uploaded maliciously if an API token given to a PT were compromised. It could also be used to help generate metrics per region to estimate uptake versus the number of published COVID cases. For example, we are currently disaggregating the one-time keys by province for server metrics, to know the number of one-time keys that were submitted by the province or territory. [↩](#f2)
