./covid-alert-documentation/.git/hooks/pre-push.sample:14:# Information about the commits which are being pushed is supplied as lines to
./covid-alert-documentation/AccessibilityReport.md:11:Conformance evaluation of this mobile app’s accessibility incorporated a combination of semi-automated evaluation tools and manual evaluation by an experienced team of accessibility testers. It was also informed by accessibility related feedback from people with disabilities using both informal and formal methods. Inclusive design reviews were conducted with the product team to ensure best practices were being followed, and that insights from research were iterated on and presented within the app. The evaluation results in this report are based on evaluation conducted prior to launch. The app may have changed since that time. This document will be updated frequently to reflect the current status of the app.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:25:This assessment will examine the privacy implications of the app, specifically in relation to the information/data that will be under the control of the Government of Canada, including the data that will be transmitted to the Government of Canada Server (key server). It will not examine any information under the control of the Provinces/Territories (PTs), such as the mechanism through which one-time keys are distributed to individuals for PTs who distribute one-time keys themselves.<sup id="f1">[[1]](#otp-portal)</sup> 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:27:Certain processes that occur at the PT level, on a device, or to and from a device, where the Government of Canada will not have access to any of the data, are described in this assessment in order to depict the complete flow of information, even though this data is not considered to be under the control of the Government of Canada. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:31:In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, while also gradually easing restrictions on individuals and allowing the economy to begin to re-open, the Government of Canada launched a single national COVID-19 exposure notification app (hereinafter referred to as COVID Alert) on July 31, 2020. It is interoperable across provinces and has been designed to minimize collection and storage of personally identifiable information. As a way to minimize risks to privacy, an exposure notification app, versus contact tracing app, was determined to be the preferred approach for establishing a Pan-Canadian digital solution to support efforts to reduce the spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:33:Exposure notification is considered to be a minimally intrusive approach intended to be used in combination with and in support of current public health measures being taken across Canada in response to the pandemic. COVID Alert takes a fully de-centralized approach in which personally identifiable information is not being collected and stored in a single central location. Instead, when a user downloads the app and consents to its various functions, their mobile device transmits random IDs that are used to record proximity to another app user’s smart phone. This differs from contact tracing apps which access a device’s location data and report it to public health authorities. More information on how the app works is provided in section 5 of this document. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:51:CDS is responsible for providing internal support services (information technology services) to Health Canada. It is responsible for developing the technological components of the exposure notification app. In addition to developing the app itself, CDS operates the Government of Canada key server (located within Canada) that stores encrypted diagnosis keys that reflect positive COVID-19 cases. The key server operates on a cloud solution procured via Shared Services Canada cloud brokering service. CDS also provides support to PT partners as they integrate one-time key distribution into their result notification processes. This includes providing PTs access to one-time keys that users will enter into the app if they receive a positive diagnosis, through an API or a federally-run portal for authorized healthcare professionals.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:53:CDS is supported by the Office of the Chief Information Officer’s (OCIO) Cyber Security Division. The Cyber Security Division is lending their security expertise to support CDS’s efforts in security assurance, threat modelling, and risk assessment.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:61:In line with its mandate to provide cyber security advice and guidance to federal and critical infrastructure partners, the Cyber Centre is providing expert cyber security assistance in the form of systems design and architecture review, source code analysis and review, and related security assurance activities. The app benefits from the robust security protections of federal government systems maintained by various agencies including Shared Services Canada and the Cyber Centre. The Cyber Centre is not involved in the operation of the app and will not be collecting or analyzing user information in connection with the Government's COVID-19 exposure notification initiative.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:83:Users voluntarily download the app from the Google Play store or Apple IOS store onto their device and provide consent to participate in the exposure notification process. More specifically, they are required to review and accept a clear and accessible statement that provides them with information about how the app works, how information about exposure will be received by the user and transmitted to other users, what data will be collected about them and how that data will be used and where it will be stored. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:93:The daily TEK generation and frequent RPI generation are design features with the purpose of minimizing the risk of re-identification of users. (In addition to this, they are designed to minimize data transfer to conserve bandwidth.) The RPIs are not identifiable and are not accessible to the app or transmitted to the key server. By design, the RPIs are meant to be public (they are shared to other devices via Bluetooth), and as such do not provide any form of identifying information in the absence of other information. Even if an RPI were intercepted by a device operated by a malicious actor, it would be an entirely meaningless number, and would not be linkable to a device without significant effort. TEKs are stored on the device, but may only be released to the key server in the case of a positive test result and explicit user consent.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:97:Although the portal will rely on retrieving one-time keys from the key server, it is not connected to the app in any way nor will it connect to any PT IT system. Only personal information about PT administrators and healthcare providers will be collected so they can create portal accounts and retrieve the one-time keys - no patient information will be collected or retained by the portal. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:105:If a user enters the date of symptom onset or test, the app uses this information to determine what dates they were likely to have been the most infectious (two days before symptom onset or test) and only uploads their TEKs<sup id="f5">[[5]](#dk-tek-generation)</sup> from the relevant dates to the national server. If the user does not enter their date of symptom onset or test, the app will upload the TEKs from the last 14 days. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:117:When individuals are notified of an exposure to a person who tested positive, the application will provide information, stored in the application, supplied by the provincial health authorities (e.g. information about locations to get tested).
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:121:Our privacy analysis is in two parts. The first part examines whether there is a collection of personal information. The second part consists of an analysis of the app based on the privacy principles outlined in the [joint statement by Federal, Provincial and Territorial Privacy Commissioners issued May 7, 2020](https://priv.gc.ca/en/opc-news/speeches/2020/s-d_20200507/). 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:123:### Is There a Collection of Personal Information/Data?
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:127:The following provides further information on RPIs and TEKs, on the issuance of the one-time keys that are provided to app users who receive a positive diagnosis, on the use of IP addresses for security reasons, the HashID, and the collection of app metrics. We will also provide more clarity regarding the very strong safeguards that are in place and the short retention of some of these elements. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:129:First, it should be noted that regardless of the app, PTs are collecting personal information about individuals who test positive for COVID-19 according to their legislative requirements – this occurs entirely outside the app and is not being collected by the Government of Canada via the app. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:133:As described in section 5, the RPIs and TEKs generated by the app are a design feature whose purpose is to reduce the risk of re-identification to near zero. They are not directly identifiable, and of these elements, only the TEKs are stored on the key server and only when an individual has tested positive and chooses to upload this information. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:135:To elaborate, by design RPIs are meant to be public (they are shared to other devices via Bluetooth), and as such do not provide any form of identifying information in the absence of other information. Even if an RPI were intercepted by a device operated by a malicious actor, it would be a meaningless number on its own and would not be linkable to a device without significant effort. There is a very unlikely risk that a highly motivated malicious actor could leverage something called a “linkage attack.” By placing Bluetooth collection devices at various locations throughout a city – for example, at every road intersection – they could collect the RPIs of passerby. If an individual were then diagnosed and decided to upload their diagnosis keys, this attacker could recreate a device’s path through the city. That said, to effectively track somebody’s path, an attacker would have to have numerous collection devices deployed at significant density throughout an entire geographical region. Such an attack is a possibility, but requires extensive resources and expertise to implement. Further, the chance of such an attack being successful is even lower given that there is a high likelihood of the malicious actor being caught, and the attack being prevented.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:141:When an app user tests positive for COVID-19 in a PT that has onboarded to the app, they will obtain a one-time key that will be provided to them by their PT (how this occurs will depend on the PT). This key is provided to the PT by the Government of Canada and the Government of Canada does not know who that key is associated with (in other words who the person is who will receive this key). All the Government of Canada knows is that someone has tested positive for COVID-19. That said, the MOUs with the PTs who onboard to the app will include requirements to safeguard the keys, to ensure they are only retained as long as necessary and to delete them once obtained by the app user. Additionally, each province will protect the information in accordance with the requirements imposed on them by applicable provincial or territorial legislation.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:149:Users have the option to enter the date of symptom onset or test date in order to refine the exposure notifications to users who were in close contact with a positive case during the period they were the most infectious. Although this data is not uploaded to the server, it’s theoretically possible to calculate the number of TEKs uploaded per event based on the size of the upload, and reverse-engineer a probable date of symptom onset or test based on that information and the log timestamp. Even if a probable date were reverse-engineered, the risk of re-identification remains low, as this would require effort and access equal to what would be needed to link a positive diagnosis to a specific IP address (more on IP addresses to follow). As well, even if this could be done, it is impossible to know which date it is – date of symptom onset or test date.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:155:The IP address accompanies any request made to the key server (e.g., when a user chooses to upload their random codes, or enters their one-time key). However, the IP address is not intentionally “sent” by the app. It accompanies the request naturally: IP addresses are metadata required as part of the underlying internet protocol that powers data transmission over the Internet; without this, the app and the server would not be able to communicate. In other words, IP addresses accompany _all_ requests made to the server (one-time key generation, one-time key verification, diagnosis key upload, etc.). In most cases, the IP is not of the phone in particular, but of a wireless router or is dynamically assigned by a cellular network carrier. Few people have static IPs that are permanently associable to them, due to the limited number of IPv4 IP addresses. In sending that information, the IP accompanies the request, as with any request sent over the internet. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:165:The following provides further information on the HashID in the context of some PTs using a self-serve online portal.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:169:While the HashID is stored on the Government of Canada key server, the information used to generate it is not. The HashID is associated with a one-time key when the key is generated.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:188:#### Conclusion: Is There a Collection of Personal Information/Data?
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:203:Considering this data personal information would necessitate automatically considering data with any _de minimus_ risk of re-identification (rather than a serious risk of re-identification, defined as more than frivolous) as personal information, regardless of context. In our view, in this context, this data remains below the threshold of “serious risk of re-identification.”
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:205:Further, the Federal Court in Sig Sauer (Canada (Information Commissioner) v. Canada (Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness), 2019 FC 1279) found that “to use the serial numbers identify an individual would require either access to restricted government databases that already contain personal information, or a successful effort to trick either the government or the manufacturer into releasing personal information. The evidence does not establish a serious possibility of either occurring.” In this case, McHaffie J was satisfied that there was no personal information at issue.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:207:Here, the IP addresses on their own do not reveal individual identities; they’re stored on a secure server that only limited Government of Canada employees have access to, and they’re bound by security obligations to protect that information and not access or use it for nefarious purposes. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:209:In addition, the app metrics being collected by HC do not contain any direct identifiers. Individual logs will be stored for a short period, they will be compiled in the aggregate (total number of users/metric), and will not be combined with other information, including IP addresses (refer to [Appendix B](#appendix-b-covid-alert-app-metrics) for a privacy analysis of the app metrics). 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:211:In conclusion given the totality of the circumstances, while the data elements exchanged by the app, the central key server and the PT servers could be used in theory to produce personally identifiable information, the measures taken in developing the app, the central key server, and PT servers, in addition to the manner in which they collect, exchange, use and retain these data elements, reduce the risk to the lowest minimum possible. Our overall assessment is that it is so highly unlikely that an individual could be identified, that the collection of data elements (including IP addresses) and how they are used does not meet the threshold of “serious possibility” that an individual could be identified.<sup id="f9">[[9]](#gordon)</sup>
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:213:Nevertheless, should a different conclusion be reached regarding the assessment of whether any data element could be considered personal information, all requirements of the _Privacy Act_ and Treasury Board Privacy Policies have been met in order to ensure user privacy is protected.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:221:Use of the app is voluntary. If users have been diagnosed with COVID-19 they will also be required to provide consent for their TEKs to be uploaded and made available to other users of the app. Note that no personally identifiable information is sent to other users; they are only notified that they have been exposed to COVID-19 once they download a corresponding diagnosis key from the key server. The voluntary nature of the app and the various layers of consent, coupled with the fact that it is unlikely that personal information will be collected by the Government of Canada aim to enhance the level of trust of Canadians to use this app. The effectiveness of the app is dependent on a certain level of uptake; therefore, trust is paramount. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:237:This goal could be further facilitated by putting into place measures that allow some form of notification of exposure to the virus. Manual contact tracing is already taking place; however, it is hugely time-consuming and resource-intensive, and relies on individuals’ participation as well as their imperfect memory of where they have been for the past 14 days. An automated system to aid in informing individuals of COVID-19 exposure is a necessary element to safely easing restrictions and re-opening the economy.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:241:Effectiveness of exposure notification apps is highly contingent on level of adoption; the more users that download the app, the more contacts it will be able to capture. While in the past countries have had difficulty achieving the needed user base, Apple and Google have now launched new technology for a privacy-first approach so that citizens can have confidence that their government is not collecting personally identifiable information. Coupled with a strong communications and marketing strategy, this is expected to significantly increase the number of users downloading the app than has been the case in countries that launched such programs in earlier phases of the pandemic. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:243:Certain metrics will be collected from COVID Alert in order to assess the effectiveness of the app from a public health and technical performance perspective. Refer to [Appendix B](#appendix-b-covid-alert-app-metrics) for more information on how this approach will enable HC to assess app effectiveness. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:247:As mentioned, it is unlikely that any personal information will be collected about app users by the Government of Canada via the app, and the data that is collected is generally retained for a short period of time to support security measures and assess app effectiveness. In other words, all the information in this app’s ecosystem is designed to be kept for the shortest timeperiod necessary to achieve the specific need that information is for. If an individual receives a notice that they were in close proximity with someone who tested positive, but the individual who was notified had been in contact with very few people in the last two weeks, it is possible they would be able to identify who that individual is. There are other re-identification risks that may be possible, but they would be much more difficult to accomplish and therefore much more remote. The limited impact on individual’s privacy seems proportional to the great need to save lives, to ease restrictions on individuals thereby ameliorating the mental health of Canadians as well, and to allow the economy to safely re-open and rebuild.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:251:This question asks whether reasonable steps have been taken to ensure that the minimum amount of personal information required to achieve the objective has been collected. As noted, the app is unlikely to involve a collection of personal information by the Government of Canada. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:253:We note further that the alternative option, a contact tracing app, is more privacy invasive, collecting geolocation data and reporting this to public health authorities. In addition, manual contact tracing is highly resource-intensive and relies on individuals’ imperfect memory of where they have been for the past 14 days. It involves tracers tracking down individuals directly (typically by phone) to inform them of their risk of exposure and advising them of next steps. While manual contact tracing will continue, the supplementary capacity provided through the app allows for exposed individuals to be notified, without requiring the collection of personal information that is done during manual tracing. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:259:The app and the data collected therein will be used for the purpose of reducing the spread of the COVID-19 virus in Canada. In addition, data, assessed to ensure it does not constitute personal information, will be used in order to monitor and measure the performance of the app. Further, any new use or disclosure of personal information can only be done with consent. Note that use of the Google/Apple API is conditional on any uses or disclosure of personal information being based upon consent. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:263:The app is unlikely to involve the collection of any personally identifiable information. The data collected via the app by the Government of Canada is limited and we have assessed that there is not a serious possibility of re-identification.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:267:The app as a whole will be shut down within 30 days of a declaration by the Chief Public Health Officer of Canada that the pandemic is over.<sup id="f10">[[10]](#pandemic-criteria)</sup> As well, individuals can delete the app at any time. Finally, the TEKs on the device delete after 14 days. In other words, all the information in this app’s ecosystem is designed to be kept for the shortest time period necessary to achieve the specific need that information is for. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:275:Users who download the app will be required to review and accept a clear and accessible statement that provides them with information about how the app works, how information about exposure will be received by the user and transmitted to other users, what data will be collected about them and how that data will be used and where it will be stored. Our privacy analysis is publicly available.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:291:Finally, the public will be informed of any vulnerabilities or threats to the app, to ensure they can make an informed decision.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:383:   <td><em>End-user personal information</em>
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:394:<li>G/A protocol mandates that collection of personal information must be voluntary 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:529:The app metrics collected from COVID Alert will provide information on:
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:541:These metrics will enable HC to assess the app’s effectiveness in influencing positive public health outcomes, which aligns with the OPC’s recommendation. The metrics will inform the evaluation that will take place in partnership with their office. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:549:The metrics being proposed above do not contain any direct identifiers. Individual logs will be stored for a short period, they will be compiled in the aggregate (total number of users/metric), and will not be combined with other information, including IP addresses. In addition, metrics will not be reported publicly if the counts are less than twenty. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:551:Given these circumstances, and the measures taken to protect the data (e.g., limiting the retention of individual event logs, aggregating event logs, storing the data separate from IP addresses, and storing the data on a secure server with limited access), the data are unlikely to constitute personal information. In other words, there is a less than frivolous chance that an individual could be identified alone, or in combination with other available information. Therefore, it is unlikely that the _Privacy Act_ would be engaged on the collection of these metrics. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:564:     This analysis does not include a full privacy analysis of the distribution of one-time keys for PTs using the federal COVID Alert portal; however, it does provide a brief overview of the portal as well as a description of the information collected. The full privacy analysis for the portal was undertaken separately. [↩](#f1)
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:567:     When a PT requests a one-time key so that it can be provided to the user, the PT system to obtain the key needs to prove to the key server that it is legitimate – i.e. that the PT system is run by a PT healthcare provider. To manage this authentication, the key server uses API tokens. Each API token is a random alphanumeric string of at least 20 characters, generated by CDS. CDS generates an API token for each PT system integrating with the key server to obtain one-time keys. The PT system provides that API token to the key server when requesting a one-time key. The API token cannot be linked to other information to identify an individual as it is meant to authenticate a PT system requesting a one-time key. A portion of the API token is stored alongside both one-time key entries and diagnosis keys during the 15-day period they are kept. In theory, this could be used to erase a set of keys that were uploaded maliciously if an API token given to a PT were compromised. It could also be used to help generate metrics per region to estimate uptake versus the number of published COVID cases. For example, we are currently disaggregating the one-time keys by province for server metrics, to know the number of one-time keys that were submitted by the province or territory. [↩](#f2)
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:35:L’application vise à compléter les mesures existantes pour réduire la propagation du virus, y compris la recherche manuelle des contacts. Elle permet d’informer les Canadiens s’ils ont été près d’une personne qui a reçu un diagnostic de COVID-19 et qui utilise également l’application, et les encourage à prendre des mesures appropriées (par exemple, se faire tester). Si quelqu’un a eu un test positif pour la COVID-19 dans une province ou un territoire utilisant l’application, les autorités locales de santé publique peuvent le conseiller sur les prochaines étapes et lui fournir une clé unique à entrer dans l’application, ce qui à son tour informera les autres utilisateurs de l’application qui ont été proches d’eux. Cette mesure aidera à réduire la propagation globale du virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:51:Le SNC est responsable de fournir des services de soutien interne (services de technologie de l’information) à Santé Canada. Il est responsable du développement des composantes technologiques de l’application de notification d’exposition. En plus de développer l’application, le SNC exploite le serveur de clé du gouvernement du Canada (situé au Canada) qui stocke des clés chiffrées de diagnostic qui reflètent les cas positifs à la COVID-19. Le serveur fonctionne sur une solution infonuagique achetée par le biais du service de courtage en nuage de Services partagés Canada (SPC). Le SNC apporte également un soutien aux partenaires des provinces et des territoires pour l’intégration de la distribution de clés uniques dans leurs processus de notification des résultats. Il s’agit notamment de fournir aux PT l’accès à des clés à usage unique que les utilisateurs entreront dans l’application lorsqu’ils reçoivent un diagnostic positif, par le biais d’une API ou d’un portail géré par le gouvernement fédéral à l’intention des professionnels de la santé autorisés.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:53:Le SNC est appuyé par la Division de la cybersécurité du Bureau du dirigeant principal de l’information (BDPI). La Division de la cybersécurité prête son expertise en matière de sécurité pour appuyer les efforts du SNC en matière d’assurance de la sécurité, de modélisation des menaces et d’évaluation des risques.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:95:Lorsqu’un utilisateur reçoit un résultat positif au test de la COVID-19, les autorités de la santé PT qui ont adopté l’application lui fournissent une clé unique<sup id="f2">[[2]](#jetons-api)</sup> et des instructions sur la manière de l’entrer dans l’application.<sup id="f3">[[3]](#variation-pt)</sup> Certaines PT ont la capacité d’extraire des clés à usage unique du serveur de clés à l’aide de leur infrastructure informatique actuelle (par exemple, certaines provinces et territoires disposent d’une plateforme pour donner aux particuliers en ligne des résultats de la COVID-19 et la même plateforme peut être utilisée pour livrer des clés à usage unique), alors que d’autres PT ne dispose pas de cette capacité (par exemple, certains donnent les résultats des tests au téléphone). Dans le cas des PT qui ne disposent pas de la capacité d’extraire les clés à usage unique, le SNC a développé le portail Alerte COVID (le portail) que les provinces et territoires peuvent utiliser pour extraire les clés et les remettre aux utilisateurs de l’application qui ont testés positifs pour la COVID-19.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:97:Bien que le portail dépendra de l’extraction de clés à usage unique provenant du serveur clé, il n’est pas connecté à l’application d’aucune façon et ne sera pas connecté à aucun système informatique d’une province ou d’un territoire. Seuls les renseignements personnels des administrateurs et des professionnels de la santé des provinces et des territoires seront recueillis de sorte qu’ils puissent créer des comptes au portail et extraire les clés à usage unique. Le portail ne recueillera ni ne conservera des renseignements sur les patients.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:105:Si l’utilisateur entre la date d’apparition de symptômes ou la date d’un test, l’application se sert de cette information pour déterminer les dates où il est probablement le plus contagieux (deux jours avant l’apparition de symptômes ou le test) et télécharge seulement ses CET<sup id="f5">[[5]](#generation-cet)</sup> des dates pertinentes au serveur national. Si l’utilisateur n’entre pas la date d’apparition de ses symptômes ou la date d’un test, l’application téléchargera les CET à partir des dernier 14 jours.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:111:### Comment les personnes sont-elles informées de l’exposition à une personne dont le test est positif?
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:149:Les utilisateurs ont l’option d’entrer la date de l’apparition de symptômes ou la date du test afin d’affiner le processus de notification d’exposition aux utilisateurs qui ont été en proche contact avec un cas positif durant la période de contagion. Bien que ces données ne soient pas téléversées au serveur, il est possible théoriquement de calculer le nombre des CET téléchargées par événement à partir du volume du téléchargement et, en faisant de l’ingénierie inverse, de dériver la date probable de l’apparition de symptômes ou du test au moyen de l’information et de l’horodatage des opérations informatiques. Même si une date probable est déduite par ingénierie inverse, le risque de réidentification demeure faible, car cela nécessiterait un effort et un accès de même niveau que ce qui serait nécessaire pour lier un diagnostic positif à une adresse IP particulière (on en traite plus à fond plus loin). Ajoutons que même si cela était réalisable, il est impossible de savoir de quelle date il s’agit : la date d’apparition de symptômes ou la date d’un test.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:184:En termes de risque pour la sécurité, une personne ayant un accès direct aux systèmes de soins de santé des PT au niveau des serveurs et des bases de données (professionnel de la santé, informaticien ou acteur malveillant qui s’était introduit dans ces systèmes) pourrait déterminer si une personne en particulier ayant reçu un diagnostic positif avait alors décidé de télécharger des clés de diagnostic. Ils ne pourraient pas suivre les clés de diagnostic qu’un patient a téléchargées par la suite.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:194:Le contexte du serveur de clés du gouvernement du Canada est celui qui présente le plus faible risque du spectre : il se caractérise par un accès restreint, des mesures de sécurité informatique solides et des ententes en place.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:205:De plus, la Cour fédérale dans l’affaire Sig Sauer (Canada (Commissaire à l’information) c. Canada (Sécurité publique et Protection civile Canada), 2019 FC 1279) a conclu que « Pour identifier une personne à l’aide d’un numéro de série, il faudrait accéder aux bases de données à accès restreint du gouvernement, lesquelles contiennent déjà des renseignements personnels, ou amener un responsable du gouvernement ou le fabricant à divulguer des renseignements personnels. Les éléments de preuve n’établissent pas l’existence d’une possibilité sérieuse que l’une ou l’autre de ces deux situations se produise. » Dans cette affaire, le juge McHaffie était satisfait qu’il n’y ait pas eu de renseignements personnels en cause.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:225:L’application, en tant qu’outil permettant d’améliorer les mesures existantes pour lutter contre la propagation du virus de la COVID-19, s’inscrit dans le cadre des mandats de SC et de ses exigences législatives conformément à l’article 4 de la _Loi sur le ministère de la Santé_ pour protéger la population canadienne contre les risques pour la santé et la propagation des maladies. En outre, le paragraphe 29.2 de la _Loi sur la gestion des finances publiques_ autorise le SNC à fournir des services de soutien internes (services informatiques) à SC et à remplir son rôle dans le développement de l’application, comme décrit dans la section 4 du présent document.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:237:Cet objectif pourrait être facilité davantage par la mise en place de mesures permettant une certaine forme de notification d’exposition au virus. La recherche manuelle des contacts est déjà en cours; cependant, elle prend énormément de temps et de ressources et repose par ailleurs sur la participation et la mémoire, parfois oublieuse, de chacun quant aux endroits qu’il a fréquentés au cours des 14 derniers jours. Un système automatisé pour aider à informer les personnes d’une exposition à la COVID-19 est un élément nécessaire pour assouplir les restrictions en toute sécurité et rouvrir l’économie.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:243:Certaines mesures de performance seront recueillies à l’aide d’Alerte COVID afin d’évaluer l’efficacité de l’application du point de vue de la santé publique et du rendement technique. Consultez l’[Annexe B](#annexe-b--mesures-de-performance-dalerte-covid) pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur la manière dont cette approche permettra à SC d’évaluer l’efficacité de l’application.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:247:Comme nous l’avons mentionné, il est peu probable que le gouvernement du Canada recueille des renseignements personnels au sujet des utilisateurs de l’application, et les données recueillies sont généralement conservées pendant une courte période pour appuyer les mesures de sécurité et évaluer l’efficacité de l’application. Autrement dit, tous les renseignements contenus dans l’écosystème de cette application sont conçus pour être conservés pendant la période la plus courte nécessaire pour répondre au besoin précis pour lequel cette information est fournie. Lorsqu’une personne reçoit une notification l’informant qu’elle était en contact étroit avec une personne dont le test est positif, mais que la personne qui a reçu la notification a été en contact avec très peu de personnes au cours des deux dernières semaines, il est possible qu’elle soit en mesure d’identifier cette personne. D’autres risques de réidentification sont possibles, mais ils seraient beaucoup plus difficiles à réaliser et donc beaucoup plus éloignés. Les répercussions limitées sur les renseignements personnels semblent proportionnelles au grand besoin de sauver des vies et d’alléger les restrictions imposées aux personnes, ce qui améliore également la santé mentale des Canadiens et permet de rouvrir l’économie de façon prudente et d’entreprendre le rétablissement.
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:253:Nous notons d’ailleurs que l’autre option, une application de recherche des contacts, est plus intrusive relativement aux renseignements personnels, car elle collecte des données de géolocalisation et les communique aux autorités de santé publique. De plus, la recherche manuelle des contacts prend énormément de ressources et repose également sur la mémoire imparfaite des personnes relativement aux endroits où ils se sont rendus au cours des 14 derniers jours. Il s’agit de traceurs qui retracent les personnes directement (généralement par téléphone) pour les informer de leur risque d’exposition et les informer des prochaines étapes. Bien que la recherche manuelle des contacts continuera, la capacité supplémentaire fournie par l’application permet de notifier les personnes exposées, sans exiger la collecte de renseignements personnels qui se fait pendant la recherche manuelle. 
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:267:L’application dans son ensemble sera fermée dans un délai de 30 jours suivant la réception d’une déclaration par l’administratrice en chef de la santé publique du Canada que la pandémie sera terminée.<sup id="f10">[[10]](#criteres-pandemie)</sup> De plus, les personnes peuvent supprimer l’application en tout temps. Enfin, les CET sur l’appareil s’effacent après 14 jours. Autrement dit, tous les renseignements contenus dans l’écosystème de cette application sont conçus pour être conservés pendant la période la plus courte nécessaire pour répondre au besoin précis pour lequel cette information est fournie. 
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:291:Enfin, le public sera informé de toute vulnérabilité ou menace à l’application, pour s’assurer qu’il peut prendre une décision éclairée. 
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:545:Elles indiqueront également dans quelle mesure environ les personnes utilisent l’application pour informer d’autres personnes d’une exposition potentielle. Cela permettrait à SC de déterminer si l’application a un effet tangible sur la réduction de la propagation de la pandémie (c.-à-d. si les personnes sont avisées des expositions potentielles et si elles prennent des mesures en conséquence). La collecte de ces mesures par PT permettra également à SC de cibler ses communications en fonction des régions où l’application est moins utilisée qu’ailleurs. 
./covid-alert-documentation/EvaluationViePriveeAlerteCOVID.md:585:     Pour plus d’informations sur le portail des soins de santé, voir la liste de vérification de la protection des renseignements personnels du portail Alerte COVID (à paraître). [↩](#f8)
./covid-alert-documentation/PolitiqueDivulgationVulnerabilites.md:5:_Le Service numérique canadien et le Bureau du dirigeant principal de l'information_\
./covid-alert-documentation/PolitiqueDivulgationVulnerabilites.md:33:*   Nous établirons des priorités pour la correction des vulnérabilités en examinant les conséquences, la gravité et la complexité de leur exploitation. Un certain temps peut être nécessaire pour trier ou traiter les signalements de vulnérabilité. Vous pouvez vous informer de leur statut, mais nous vous prions de ne pas le faire plus d’une fois tous les 14 jours. De cette façon, nos équipes peuvent se concentrer sur leur correction.
./covid-alert-documentation/PolitiqueDivulgationVulnerabilites.md:35:*   Nous traiterons votre signalement conformément à la _Loi sur l’accès à l’information_ et à la _Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels_. 
./covid-alert-documentation/PolitiqueDivulgationVulnerabilites.md:36:*   Nous vous informerons lorsque la vulnérabilité signalée sera corrigée. Vous serez peut-être invité à confirmer que la solution corrige la vulnérabilité de manière adéquate.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:38:For more information on how to install and use COVID Alert, see the [COVID Alert landing page](https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus-disease-covid-19/covid-alert.html) or the [Help with COVID Alert page](https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/coronavirus-disease-covid-19/covid-alert/help.html) for more information.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:43:In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, while also gradually easing restrictions on individuals and allowing the economy to begin to re-open, the Government of Canada has committed to launching a single national COVID-19 exposure notification app (hereinafter referred to as COVID Alert). It will be interoperable across provinces and has been designed to minimize collection and storage of personally identifiable information. As a way to minimize risks to privacy, an exposure notification app, versus contact tracing app, was determined to be the preferred approach for establishing a Pan-Canadian digital solution to support efforts to reduce the spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:45:Exposure notification is considered to be a minimally intrusive approach intended to be used in combination with, and in support of, current public health measures being taken across Canada in response to the pandemic. COVID Alert takes a fully de-centralized approach in which personally identifiable information is not being collected and stored in a single central location. Instead, when a user downloads the app and consents to its various functions, their mobile device transmits random IDs that are used to record proximity to another app user’s smartphone. This differs from contact tracing apps which access a device’s location data and report it to public health authorities. More information on how the app works is provided in section 5 of this document.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:92:Pour plus d’information sur la façon d’installer et d’utiliser Alerte COVID, consultez [la page d’accueil](https://www.canada.ca/fr/sante-publique/services/maladies/maladie-coronavirus-covid-19/alerte-covid.html) ou [la page d’aide d’Alerte COVID](https://www.canada.ca/fr/sante-publique/services/maladies/maladie-coronavirus-covid-19/alerte-covid/aide.html).
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:100:L’application vise à compléter les mesures existantes pour réduire la propagation du virus, y compris la recherche manuelle des contacts. Elle permet d’informer les Canadiens et Canadiennes s’ils ont été près d’une personne qui a reçu un diagnostic de COVID-19 et qui utilise également l’application, et les encourage à prendre des mesures appropriées (par exemple, se faire tester). Si une personne a eu un test positif pour la COVID-19 dans une province ou un territoire utilisant l’application, les autorités locales de santé publique peuvent la conseiller sur les prochaines étapes et lui fournir une clé à usage unique à entrer dans l’application, ce qui à son tour informera les autres utilisateurs de l’application qui ont été près d’elle au cours des 14 derniers jours. Cette mesure contribuera à réduire la propagation globale du virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/RapportAccessibilite.md:11:L’évaluation de la conformité à l’accessibilité de l’application mobile comprenait une combinaison d’outils d’évaluation semi-automatisés et d’évaluations manuelles menées par une équipe expérimentée de testeurs d’accessibilité. L’évaluation a également été éclairée par les commentaires de personnes handicapées concernant l’accessibilité, obtenus par des méthodes à la fois informelles et formelles. Des examens de la conception inclusive ont été menés avec l’équipe de produit pour veiller à ce que les pratiques exemplaires ont été suivies et que les résultats de la recherche ont servi à apporter des itérations qui ont été intégrées dans l’application. Les résultats de l’évaluation décrits dans le présent rapport sont fondés sur une évaluation effectuée avant le lancement de l’application. Des modifications ont pu être apportées à l’application depuis. Le présent document sera fréquemment mis à jour afin de refléter l’état actuel de l’application.
./covid-alert-documentation/VulnerabilityDisclosurePolicy.md:5:_Canadian Digital Service & Office of the Chief Information Officer_\
./covid-alert-documentation/VulnerabilityDisclosurePolicy.md:8:The Government of Canada is committed to protecting the security and integrity of the COVID Alert service and the information and data that it processes. COVID Alert has been built in the open to increase trust and confidence in the service, and to create more opportunities for others to help to improve the service.
./covid-alert-documentation/VulnerabilityDisclosurePolicy.md:12:Information you submit under this process is only used to mitigate or remediate vulnerabilities. 
./covid-alert-documentation/VulnerabilityDisclosurePolicy.md:29:When you choose to share your contact information with us, we commit to communicating with you as openly and as quickly as possible.
./covid-alert-documentation/VulnerabilityDisclosurePolicy.md:35:*   We will treat your report in accordance with the _Access to Information Act_ and the _Privacy Act_.
./covid-alert-documentation/product/metrics.md:29:Most metrics are gathered by province or territory. Province or territory breakdowns are only included when app users have selected their province or territory from within the app, which remains voluntary. The app does not use any other information to determine people&#39;s province or territory.
./covid-alert-documentation/product/metrics.md:35:In addition, these metrics will not contain any direct identifiers. Individual logs will be stored for a short period, they will be compiled in the aggregate (total number of users/metric), and will not be combined with other information, including IP addresses.
./covid-alert-documentation/product/qr-codes.md:8:Participating venues (restaurants, retail stores, events, etc) print out a COVID Alert QR code and post it at their entrance. App users visiting the venue can use COVID Alert to scan the QR code as they enter, and the code will be stored securely on their device. Users do not need to give their information to the venue for contact tracing if they scan the QR code. 
./covid-alert-documentation/product/qr-codes.md:19:* Privacy is protected. No geolocation or other personally identifiable information of the app users will be shared with the Government of Canada, and users who scan QR codes don’t have to give their personal information to the venue.
./covid-alert-documentation/produit/codes-qr.md:19:* La vie privée est protégée. Il n’y a pas de données de géolocalisation ou de renseignements identificatoires sur les utilisateurs de l’application qui sont transmis au gouvernement du Canada. Les utilisateurs qui lisent un code QR n’ont pas à laisser leurs informations personnelles à l’entrée d’un site.
./covid-alert-documentation/produit/mesures-de-performance.md:40:Les utilisateurs d’Alerte COVID recevront une notification les informant de modifications à la [politique de confidentialité](https://www.canada.ca/fr/sante-publique/services/maladies/maladie-coronavirus-covid-19/alerte-covid/politique-confidentialite.html), laquelle décrira les nouvelles mesures de performance que l’application commencera à collecter. Tous les détails se trouveront dans l’[Évaluation de la protection de la vie privée d’Alerte COVID](https://www.canada.ca/fr/sante-publique/services/maladies/maladie-coronavirus-covid-19/alerte-covid/politique-confidentialite/evaluation.html) dès que la collecte de données commencera. 
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:14:Un service permettant de transmettre des notifications d’exposition peut être un outil efficace pour ralentir la propagation de la COVID-19. Pour que le service Alerte COVID fonctionne, les personnes chez qui l’on a diagnostiqué le virus doivent saisir une « clé à usage unique » dans l’application mobile pour envoyer des notifications d’exposition. Les traceurs de contacts au sein des régies régionales de la santé et d’autres professionnels de la santé sélectionnés peuvent générer les clés dans le portail Alerte COVID et les distribuer aux gens lorsque ceux-ci les informent de leur diagnostic positif. Pour que le service fonctionne, nous devons veiller à la remise réussie de cette clé par les travailleurs de la santé aux gens qui ont reçu un résultat positif. Dans le présent document, nous résumons une partie de la recherche actuelle qui traite de la façon de faire fonctionner la remise de la clé aux gens.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:28:### Les patients seront vraisemblablement stressés et incapables de procéder avec l’information
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:30:À l’heure actuelle, le service repose sur la remise de la clé à usage unique par les travailleurs de la santé lorsqu’ils informent la personne de son résultat positif au test de dépistage de la COVID-19. La recherche suggère que dans une situation potentiellement émotionnelle, le patient n’est pas en mesure de suivre les instructions pour saisir la clé dans l’application.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:32:Il est connu que lorsqu’on annonce une mauvaise nouvelle à un patient, il lui faut du temps pour composer avec cette nouvelle. Les travailleurs de la santé devraient être prêts aux réactions émotionnelles, y compris [le choc et la détresse](https://www.cmpa-acpm.ca/fr/advice-publications/browse-articles/2015/after-the-diagnosis-how-to-communicate-with-terminally-ill-patients). La recherche sur l’introspection comportementale révèle que lorsqu’une personne ressent ce genre d’états émotionnels, elle n’est pas en mesure de [traiter l’i](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.01727/full)<span style="text-decoration:underline;">nformation</span> (en anglais seulement). Des livrets d’information, entre autres, sont utilisés dans d’autres contextes pour [renforcer l’information](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/hex.12487) (en anglais seulement) qui découle de la consultation clinique. Dans cette application mobile, nous devons fournir des renseignements semblables au patient.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:80:L’équipe de l’application COVID néerlandaise a mené des entrevues avec des patients guéris de la COVID durant la pandémie et a révélé qu’ils avaient pris l’[initiative d’informer les personnes avec lesquelles ils étaient entrés en contact et de partager leur histoire en ligne](https://corona.sticktailapp.com/share/view/099d845b35b3b68/wJEdnvsNTHDA/ex-patienten-stuurden-zelf-hun-contacten-een-bericht/) (en néerlandais seulement). Ils en ont assumé la responsabilité, car ils n’avaient obtenu aucun renseignement de leurs autorités sanitaires régionales.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:88:2. Faire en sorte que les travailleurs de la santé mentionnent aux patients au début de l’appel qu’ils assureront un suivi et fourniront de l’information supplémentaire afin que les patients soient moins inquiets d’oublier ce qui s’est dit durant l’appel.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/RevueLitterature.md:89:3. Mener un suivi après l’appel initial afin d’alléger le fardeau des travailleurs de la santé qui doivent fournir beaucoup d’information au téléphone et d’accroître la probabilité de succès.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/UtilisabiliteAout2020.md:127:*   Quelques personnes ont cru qu’elles seraient prises de panique lors d’un tel appel, et que de telles émotions les empêcheraient de suivre les instructions et de traiter les informations reçues.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/UtilisabiliteAout2020.md:129:*   L’une des personnes s’est déjà fait tester pour la COVID et a dit qu’il s’agissait d’une expérience stressante, et qu’elle ne serait pas en mesure de recevoir toutes les informations pendant un tel appel. Elle a demandé à ce que les instructions soient transmises par écrit lors d’un suivi.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/UtilisabiliteAout2020.md:130:*   Le script utilisé par l’« infirmière » pendant l’appel n’était pas le véritable script utilisé par les professionnels de la santé et était probablement bien plus court. Malgré cela, il semble que cela représentait beaucoup d’informations. L’une des participantes s’est inquiétée de la façon dont elle et les autres personnes pourraient se souvenir de toutes les informations communiquées durant l’appel.
./covid-alert-documentation/recherche/UtilisabiliteAout2020.md:176:*   L’autre participant s’attendait à pouvoir trouver des informations au sujet du diagnostic après avoir reçu son diagnostic, par exemple des conseils médicaux (notamment les informations fournies pendant le scénario de l’appel téléphonique) et les coordonnées de professionnels de la santé.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:12:A service to deliver exposure notifications can be an effective tool to slow the spread of COVID-19. For the COVID Alert service to work, people diagnosed with the virus have to enter a ‘one-time key’ into the mobile application to send out exposure notifications. Contact tracers at regional health authorities, and other select healthcare workers, can generate the keys on the COVID Alert portal and distribute them to people when they inform them about their positive diagnosis. For the service to work, we need to ensure the successful handoff of this key from the healthcare workers to the people who test positive. In this document, we summarize some existing research relevant to making the key handoff work for people.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:26:### Patients are likely to be stressed and unable to work with information
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:28:At this time, the service relies on the healthcare workers sharing the one-time key when they inform the individual of a positive test for COVID-19. Research suggests that in such a possibly emotional situation, the patient may not be able to follow instructions in order to enter the key into the app.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:30:When delivering bad news, patients are known to need time to process it. Healthcare workers should be ready for emotional reactions including [shock and distress](https://www.cmpa-acpm.ca/en/advice-publications/browse-articles/2015/after-the-diagnosis-how-to-communicate-with-terminally-ill-patients). Behavioral Insights research shows that when people are in these types of emotional states they are not able to [process information](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.01727/full). Patient information booklets etc. are used in other contexts to [reinforce the information](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/hex.12487) from the clinical consult. In this app, we need to supply analogous patient information.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:53:*   Undocumented immigrants who are reluctant to give information about where they’ve been and their recent contacts
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:55:Not only are patients being asked to understand stressful information, the contact tracers are responsible for navigating various situations where asking about an app may be strange/inappropriate.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:78:The Dutch COVID app team conducted interviews with ex-COVID patients from earlier in the pandemic and found that [they took it on themselves to warn people they had come in contact with and share their stories online](https://corona.sticktailapp.com/share/view/099d845b35b3b68/wJEdnvsNTHDA/ex-patienten-stuurden-zelf-hun-contacten-een-bericht/). They assumed it as their responsibility because they were not receiving information from their regional health authorities.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:86:2. Healthcare workers can let patients know near the beginning of the call that they will follow up with more information, so that patients worry less about needing to remember what was said during the call.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:87:3. Follow up after the initial call to lessen the burden on the healthcare workers to convey lots of information on the phone and increase the likelihood of success.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:88:    *   Healthcare workers follow up on the initial call to check in with patients and discuss the key and other relevant information.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/UsabilityAug2020.md:44:*   Feelings of panic during the call might lead to a need to follow-up because participants indicated they might not be able to absorb information at the time of the call.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/UsabilityAug2020.md:110:*   A few people imagined they would feel panic during such a call and that such emotions would get in the way of them following the instructions and absorbing information.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/UsabilityAug2020.md:112:*   One person had gone through testing for COVID and said that it was a stressful experience and that she couldn’t take in information during such a call. Requested that the instructions be sent through a followup text.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/UsabilityAug2020.md:113:*   The script the “nurse” used during the call was not a real script that healthcare workers use and was likely much shorter. Even so, it appeared to be quite a bit of information. One participant worried how she (and others) might remember the information given on the call.  
./covid-alert-documentation/research/UsabilityAug2020.md:148:    *   Participants asked if they would still need to inform their family and friends.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/UsabilityAug2020.md:157:    *   The other participant expected to be able to find diagnosis-related information after she had been diagnosed positive, such as health advice (including advice that she received during the simulated phone call and contact information of health professionals.) 
