./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:51:CDS is responsible for providing internal support services (information technology services) to Health Canada. It is responsible for developing the technological components of the exposure notification app. In addition to developing the app itself, CDS operates the Government of Canada key server (located within Canada) that stores encrypted diagnosis keys that reflect positive COVID-19 cases. The key server operates on a cloud solution procured via Shared Services Canada cloud brokering service. CDS also provides support to PT partners as they integrate one-time key distribution into their result notification processes. This includes providing PTs access to one-time keys that users will enter into the app if they receive a positive diagnosis, through an API or a federally-run portal for authorized healthcare professionals.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:99:When a one-time key is entered into the app, it will validate the key and ask the user if they would like their TEKs to be sent to the key server.<sup id="f4">[[4]](#dk-upload-process)</sup> If the individual says yes, the app communicates with the GAOS layer. The GAOS layer asks a second time whether the individual consents to sending their TEKs to the key server. If the individual consents, the TEKs are sent to the key server, allowing other users they have come in contact with in the past 14 days to be notified, once their app has downloaded these keys. App users also have the option of uploading their diagnosis keys for the 14 days _following_ receipt of a positive diagnosis, in the unfortunate scenario where an individual who has COVID-19 cannot self-quarantine (e.g. doesn’t have sick leave; lives alone and has to buy groceries, etc.). 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:151:For the 14 days after a diagnosis key is inputted, the app does “know” that a person successfully inputted a valid one-time key. This is so they have the option of uploading their diagnosis keys for the 14 days following receipt of a positive diagnosis (as well as the days before their positive diagnosis – number of days will depend on whether they entered the date of symptom onset or date tested). In the unfortunate scenario where an individual who has COVID-19 cannot self-quarantine, this individual uploads their temporary exposure keys to the key server, which then makes them available to be downloaded by other users’ phones, and the app on those phones and the API layer then do the match up to determine, with respect to each of those phones, whether the phone, and thus its owner, has been in contact with the phone of the individual who has tested positive for COVID-19.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:165:The following provides further information on the HashID in the context of some PTs using a self-serve online portal.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:192:We also acknowledge the position taken by multiple leading Privacy Regulators that assessing re-identification risk should look not only at the data itself, but also at the context in which the data are shared.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:579:     They may also be provided with info on what to do regarding the notification (get tested, self-isolate, etc.). These details are up to the PT. [↩](#f6)
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:582:     In small community contexts, it’s likely that individuals may be publicly identified as COVID-positive through other means (manual contact tracing; discussions among family members, friends, and community members; grocery deliveries, etc.). The exposure notification app exists as an optional add-on to a broader context of public health responses and community discussions, many of which may be more likely to publicly identify COVID-positive individuals than the app itself. [↩](#f7)
