./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:31:In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, while also gradually easing restrictions on individuals and allowing the economy to begin to re-open, the Government of Canada launched a single national COVID-19 exposure notification app (hereinafter referred to as COVID Alert) on July 31, 2020. It is interoperable across provinces and has been designed to minimize collection and storage of personally identifiable information. As a way to minimize risks to privacy, an exposure notification app, versus contact tracing app, was determined to be the preferred approach for establishing a Pan-Canadian digital solution to support efforts to reduce the spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:33:Exposure notification is considered to be a minimally intrusive approach intended to be used in combination with and in support of current public health measures being taken across Canada in response to the pandemic. COVID Alert takes a fully de-centralized approach in which personally identifiable information is not being collected and stored in a single central location. Instead, when a user downloads the app and consents to its various functions, their mobile device transmits random IDs that are used to record proximity to another app user’s smart phone. This differs from contact tracing apps which access a device’s location data and report it to public health authorities. More information on how the app works is provided in section 5 of this document. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:35:The app is intended to complement existing measures to reduce the spread of the virus, including manual contact tracing. It serves to notify Canadians if they have been near someone who has been diagnosed with COVID-19 and is also using the app, and encourage them to take appropriate next steps (e.g. getting tested). If someone tests positive for COVID-19 in a PT using the app, local public health authorities may advise them on next steps and provide a one-time key to enter into the app, which will in turn notify other people using the app who have been near them. This will help to reduce the overall spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:39:Each PT has the option to adopt the app for its jurisdiction. No data from any pre-existing exposure notification/contact tracing apps PTs may already have in place will be transferred to the national COVID-19 exposure notification app. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:237:This goal could be further facilitated by putting into place measures that allow some form of notification of exposure to the virus. Manual contact tracing is already taking place; however, it is hugely time-consuming and resource-intensive, and relies on individuals’ participation as well as their imperfect memory of where they have been for the past 14 days. An automated system to aid in informing individuals of COVID-19 exposure is a necessary element to safely easing restrictions and re-opening the economy.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:253:We note further that the alternative option, a contact tracing app, is more privacy invasive, collecting geolocation data and reporting this to public health authorities. In addition, manual contact tracing is highly resource-intensive and relies on individuals’ imperfect memory of where they have been for the past 14 days. It involves tracers tracking down individuals directly (typically by phone) to inform them of their risk of exposure and advising them of next steps. While manual contact tracing will continue, the supplementary capacity provided through the app allows for exposed individuals to be notified, without requiring the collection of personal information that is done during manual tracing. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:255:For these reasons, the exposure notification app has been identified as a valuable supplement to manual tracing that is less resource-intensive and highly protective of Canadians’ privacy.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:582:     In small community contexts, it’s likely that individuals may be publicly identified as COVID-positive through other means (manual contact tracing; discussions among family members, friends, and community members; grocery deliveries, etc.). The exposure notification app exists as an optional add-on to a broader context of public health responses and community discussions, many of which may be more likely to publicly identify COVID-positive individuals than the app itself. [↩](#f7)
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:43:In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, while also gradually easing restrictions on individuals and allowing the economy to begin to re-open, the Government of Canada has committed to launching a single national COVID-19 exposure notification app (hereinafter referred to as COVID Alert). It will be interoperable across provinces and has been designed to minimize collection and storage of personally identifiable information. As a way to minimize risks to privacy, an exposure notification app, versus contact tracing app, was determined to be the preferred approach for establishing a Pan-Canadian digital solution to support efforts to reduce the spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:45:Exposure notification is considered to be a minimally intrusive approach intended to be used in combination with, and in support of, current public health measures being taken across Canada in response to the pandemic. COVID Alert takes a fully de-centralized approach in which personally identifiable information is not being collected and stored in a single central location. Instead, when a user downloads the app and consents to its various functions, their mobile device transmits random IDs that are used to record proximity to another app user’s smartphone. This differs from contact tracing apps which access a device’s location data and report it to public health authorities. More information on how the app works is provided in section 5 of this document.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:47:The app is intended to complement existing measures to reduce the spread of the virus, including manual contact tracing. It serves to notify Canadians if they have been near someone who has been diagnosed with COVID-19 and is also using the app, and encourage them to take appropriate next steps (e.g. getting tested). If someone tests positive for COVID-19 in a Province or Territory using the app, local public health authorities may advise them on next steps and provide a one-time key to enter into the app, which will in turn notify other people using the app who have been near them within the last 14 days. This will help to reduce the overall spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/product/qr-codes.md:8:Participating venues (restaurants, retail stores, events, etc) print out a COVID Alert QR code and post it at their entrance. App users visiting the venue can use COVID Alert to scan the QR code as they enter, and the code will be stored securely on their device. Users do not need to give their information to the venue for contact tracing if they scan the QR code. 
./covid-alert-documentation/product/qr-codes.md:18:* The service could alleviate some contact tracing burden from businesses and tracers.
./covid-alert-documentation/research/LiteratureReview.md:46:The successful adherence to health guidance can be [impaired by inadequate or insensitive communication](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4677873/). A large part of successful contact tracing seems to be related to building trust with the patient. 
