./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:31:In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, while also gradually easing restrictions on individuals and allowing the economy to begin to re-open, the Government of Canada launched a single national COVID-19 exposure notification app (hereinafter referred to as COVID Alert) on July 31, 2020. It is interoperable across provinces and has been designed to minimize collection and storage of personally identifiable information. As a way to minimize risks to privacy, an exposure notification app, versus contact tracing app, was determined to be the preferred approach for establishing a Pan-Canadian digital solution to support efforts to reduce the spread of the virus.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:93:The daily TEK generation and frequent RPI generation are design features with the purpose of minimizing the risk of re-identification of users. (In addition to this, they are designed to minimize data transfer to conserve bandwidth.) The RPIs are not identifiable and are not accessible to the app or transmitted to the key server. By design, the RPIs are meant to be public (they are shared to other devices via Bluetooth), and as such do not provide any form of identifying information in the absence of other information. Even if an RPI were intercepted by a device operated by a malicious actor, it would be an entirely meaningless number, and would not be linkable to a device without significant effort. TEKs are stored on the device, but may only be released to the key server in the case of a positive test result and explicit user consent.
./covid-alert-documentation/README.md:43:In an effort to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, while also gradually easing restrictions on individuals and allowing the economy to begin to re-open, the Government of Canada has committed to launching a single national COVID-19 exposure notification app (hereinafter referred to as COVID Alert). It will be interoperable across provinces and has been designed to minimize collection and storage of personally identifiable information. As a way to minimize risks to privacy, an exposure notification app, versus contact tracing app, was determined to be the preferred approach for establishing a Pan-Canadian digital solution to support efforts to reduce the spread of the virus.
