./covid-alert-documentation/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample:104:   the tip of the "master".  This is not strictly necessary, but
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:115:When an app user tests positive for COVID-19 in a PT that has adopted the app, they will obtain a one-time key that will be provided to them by their PT (how this occurs will depend on the PT). This key is provided to the PT by the Government of Canada and the Government of Canada has no way of knowing who that key is associated with (in other words who the person is who will receive this key). All the Government of Canada knows is that someone in a given PT tested positive for COVID-19. That said, the MOUs with the PTs who adopt the app will include requirements to safeguard the keys, to ensure they are only retained as long as necessary and to delete them once obtained by the app user.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:141:When an app user tests positive for COVID-19 in a PT that has onboarded to the app, they will obtain a one-time key that will be provided to them by their PT (how this occurs will depend on the PT). This key is provided to the PT by the Government of Canada and the Government of Canada does not know who that key is associated with (in other words who the person is who will receive this key). All the Government of Canada knows is that someone has tested positive for COVID-19. That said, the MOUs with the PTs who onboard to the app will include requirements to safeguard the keys, to ensure they are only retained as long as necessary and to delete them once obtained by the app user. Additionally, each province will protect the information in accordance with the requirements imposed on them by applicable provincial or territorial legislation.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:229:##### Is the measure demonstrably necessary to meet a specific need?
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:237:This goal could be further facilitated by putting into place measures that allow some form of notification of exposure to the virus. Manual contact tracing is already taking place; however, it is hugely time-consuming and resource-intensive, and relies on individuals’ participation as well as their imperfect memory of where they have been for the past 14 days. An automated system to aid in informing individuals of COVID-19 exposure is a necessary element to safely easing restrictions and re-opening the economy.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:247:As mentioned, it is unlikely that any personal information will be collected about app users by the Government of Canada via the app, and the data that is collected is generally retained for a short period of time to support security measures and assess app effectiveness. In other words, all the information in this app’s ecosystem is designed to be kept for the shortest timeperiod necessary to achieve the specific need that information is for. If an individual receives a notice that they were in close proximity with someone who tested positive, but the individual who was notified had been in contact with very few people in the last two weeks, it is possible they would be able to identify who that individual is. There are other re-identification risks that may be possible, but they would be much more difficult to accomplish and therefore much more remote. The limited impact on individual’s privacy seems proportional to the great need to save lives, to ease restrictions on individuals thereby ameliorating the mental health of Canadians as well, and to allow the economy to safely re-open and rebuild.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:267:The app as a whole will be shut down within 30 days of a declaration by the Chief Public Health Officer of Canada that the pandemic is over.<sup id="f10">[[10]](#pandemic-criteria)</sup> As well, individuals can delete the app at any time. Finally, the TEKs on the device delete after 14 days. In other words, all the information in this app’s ecosystem is designed to be kept for the shortest time period necessary to achieve the specific need that information is for. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:399:<li>GC strong preference is not to collect any, but PTs may request (FPT discussions continue), or may be necessary to customize, e.g., the advice given on next steps after receiving notification of possible exposure
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:538:    *   whether necessary background checks are being conducted; and
