./covid-alert-documentation/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample:93:This sample hook safeguards topic branches that have been
./covid-alert-documentation/.git/hooks/update.sample:32:# --- Safety check
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:115:When an app user tests positive for COVID-19 in a PT that has adopted the app, they will obtain a one-time key that will be provided to them by their PT (how this occurs will depend on the PT). This key is provided to the PT by the Government of Canada and the Government of Canada has no way of knowing who that key is associated with (in other words who the person is who will receive this key). All the Government of Canada knows is that someone in a given PT tested positive for COVID-19. That said, the MOUs with the PTs who adopt the app will include requirements to safeguard the keys, to ensure they are only retained as long as necessary and to delete them once obtained by the app user.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:127:The following provides further information on RPIs and TEKs, on the issuance of the one-time keys that are provided to app users who receive a positive diagnosis, on the use of IP addresses for security reasons, the HashID, and the collection of app metrics. We will also provide more clarity regarding the very strong safeguards that are in place and the short retention of some of these elements. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:141:When an app user tests positive for COVID-19 in a PT that has onboarded to the app, they will obtain a one-time key that will be provided to them by their PT (how this occurs will depend on the PT). This key is provided to the PT by the Government of Canada and the Government of Canada does not know who that key is associated with (in other words who the person is who will receive this key). All the Government of Canada knows is that someone has tested positive for COVID-19. That said, the MOUs with the PTs who onboard to the app will include requirements to safeguard the keys, to ensure they are only retained as long as necessary and to delete them once obtained by the app user. Additionally, each province will protect the information in accordance with the requirements imposed on them by applicable provincial or territorial legislation.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:205:Further, the Federal Court in Sig Sauer (Canada (Information Commissioner) v. Canada (Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness), 2019 FC 1279) found that “to use the serial numbers identify an individual would require either access to restricted government databases that already contain personal information, or a successful effort to trick either the government or the manufacturer into releasing personal information. The evidence does not establish a serious possibility of either occurring.” In this case, McHaffie J was satisfied that there was no personal information at issue.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:235:The public goal of this pan-Canadian exposure notification app is to safely ease restrictions on freedom of movement and allow the economy to safely re-open while protecting the lives, health and well-being of everyone in Canada in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:237:This goal could be further facilitated by putting into place measures that allow some form of notification of exposure to the virus. Manual contact tracing is already taking place; however, it is hugely time-consuming and resource-intensive, and relies on individuals’ participation as well as their imperfect memory of where they have been for the past 14 days. An automated system to aid in informing individuals of COVID-19 exposure is a necessary element to safely easing restrictions and re-opening the economy.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:247:As mentioned, it is unlikely that any personal information will be collected about app users by the Government of Canada via the app, and the data that is collected is generally retained for a short period of time to support security measures and assess app effectiveness. In other words, all the information in this app’s ecosystem is designed to be kept for the shortest timeperiod necessary to achieve the specific need that information is for. If an individual receives a notice that they were in close proximity with someone who tested positive, but the individual who was notified had been in contact with very few people in the last two weeks, it is possible they would be able to identify who that individual is. There are other re-identification risks that may be possible, but they would be much more difficult to accomplish and therefore much more remote. The limited impact on individual’s privacy seems proportional to the great need to save lives, to ease restrictions on individuals thereby ameliorating the mental health of Canadians as well, and to allow the economy to safely re-open and rebuild.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:283:#### _Safeguards_
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:289:Procedural and technical safeguards are implemented, in accordance with the security assessment and authorization process, to ensure that only those with a need to access infrastructure or data can do so, and only for purposes linked to the implementation of the exposure notification system. The system is implemented according to the principle of “least privilege”: access to the data is treated as the exception, not the rule. Processes are in place, for example, to ensure that code is reviewed by multiple developers before being deployed, and access to the infrastructure is both controlled and monitored. 
