./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:145:PTs can also generate one-time keys using a healthcare portal operated by the Government of Canada. In this case, healthcare workers who have been authorized by the PT can log in to a secure portal, managed by CDS. This healthcare portal does not contain any patient data and is only used to generate one-time keys, which it retrieves via API from the key server. PTs are responsible for designating officials in their healthcare organizations who can serve as administrators of the portal and manage user accounts for their PT.<sup id="f8">[[8]](#healthcare-portal-privacy)</sup>
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:159:IP addresses are stored in access logs on the AWS server, which is separate from the key server, for 3 months for all logs, and up to 24 months for those implicated in a security investigation, for cyber security systems to adequately understand, monitor, and respond to attacks against a system and for the secure and reliable operation of the service. Furthermore, IP addresses are not used by CDS to identify the source in any way, and they are not associated with any other data element in the server. The IP addresses are collected for security purposes. They are not used by the CDS-operated system to try to identify the source. IP addresses may be disclosed to law enforcement in the event a malicious actor attempted to gain, or gained, access to the server where they are stored. They would be deleted along with other data once the exposure notification system is shut down (i.e., once the pandemic is declared over), unless they are being retained for a security investigation.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:207:Here, the IP addresses on their own do not reveal individual identities; they’re stored on a secure server that only limited Government of Canada employees have access to, and they’re bound by security obligations to protect that information and not access or use it for nefarious purposes. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:551:Given these circumstances, and the measures taken to protect the data (e.g., limiting the retention of individual event logs, aggregating event logs, storing the data separate from IP addresses, and storing the data on a secure server with limited access), the data are unlikely to constitute personal information. In other words, there is a less than frivolous chance that an individual could be identified alone, or in combination with other available information. Therefore, it is unlikely that the _Privacy Act_ would be engaged on the collection of these metrics. 
./covid-alert-documentation/product/qr-codes.md:8:Participating venues (restaurants, retail stores, events, etc) print out a COVID Alert QR code and post it at their entrance. App users visiting the venue can use COVID Alert to scan the QR code as they enter, and the code will be stored securely on their device. Users do not need to give their information to the venue for contact tracing if they scan the QR code. 
