./covid-alert-documentation/.git/hooks/fsmonitor-watchman.sample:14:# be relative to the root of the working tree and separated by a single NUL.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:159:IP addresses are stored in access logs on the AWS server, which is separate from the key server, for 3 months for all logs, and up to 24 months for those implicated in a security investigation, for cyber security systems to adequately understand, monitor, and respond to attacks against a system and for the secure and reliable operation of the service. Furthermore, IP addresses are not used by CDS to identify the source in any way, and they are not associated with any other data element in the server. The IP addresses are collected for security purposes. They are not used by the CDS-operated system to try to identify the source. IP addresses may be disclosed to law enforcement in the event a malicious actor attempted to gain, or gained, access to the server where they are stored. They would be deleted along with other data once the exposure notification system is shut down (i.e., once the pandemic is declared over), unless they are being retained for a security investigation.
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:504:* **Number of users whose app changed to the “exposed” state:** When a user receives an exposure notification, the app status changes from “unexposed” to “exposed.” Each time this happens, the event would be logged and transmitted to the key server and aggregated to provide a total number of app users who received an exposure notification and the approximate number of exposure notifications sent. In addition, a separate event would be logged to provide a total number of users who received additional exposure notifications while their app was already in the “exposed” state. This data would also be cross-referenced with the selected PT to estimate the number of notifications received in each PT. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:551:Given these circumstances, and the measures taken to protect the data (e.g., limiting the retention of individual event logs, aggregating event logs, storing the data separate from IP addresses, and storing the data on a secure server with limited access), the data are unlikely to constitute personal information. In other words, there is a less than frivolous chance that an individual could be identified alone, or in combination with other available information. Therefore, it is unlikely that the _Privacy Act_ would be engaged on the collection of these metrics. 
./covid-alert-documentation/COVIDAlertPrivacyAssessment.md:564:     This analysis does not include a full privacy analysis of the distribution of one-time keys for PTs using the federal COVID Alert portal; however, it does provide a brief overview of the portal as well as a description of the information collected. The full privacy analysis for the portal was undertaken separately. [↩](#f1)
